Li Feng, are you fucking sick?
I make so many calls and you don't answer
Get back here and open the door
Don't you like living there?
Just live there forever.
Lei Feng, let me tell you
You are illegally prohibited from hiring
If my parents hadn't stopped me, I would have forgotten to call the police long ago
If you don't want to go to jail
Just come back and open the door
illegal employment ban
It's my house.
I lock my house. It's only natural.
You wind, you're a fucking beast
Li Luo, listen to me
When are you moving out?
When should I come to open the door?
Of course!
You can also choose to have someone pick the lock
But if I do
I'll weld the door to death next time
Do you understand?
Li Feng, why are you so vicious?
We are all your relatives
I have disowned you
I'm going to bed.
When can you move out
When will you call me again?
There is another way
Mom, he won't come to see the door
He also said that if we dare to open it ourselves
He welded the door to death
Oh good you beast ah ah ah
This is the punishment of the little sister.
We have to push them away.
Call the police, there will be no food at home
I wouldn't want to starve to death.
What if he really welds the door to death by calling the police?
Don't worry, if I dare to do this again
I'm a liar
It's not the way for Lin Feng to make trouble like this all the time
We have to get him to give up this house completely
What can you do?
We can invite him to dinner
Pretend to admit mistakes and then
Ahahaha
Ha ha.